[JAX] add multiprocessing example and improve debugging message (#198)
NVIDIA/TransformerEngine: examples/jax/encoder/README.md

python test_model_parallel_encoder.py
python test_model_parallel_encoder.py --use-fp8
```

## Multiple Processes with Model Parallelism ##

1. This example inherits previous model parallelism example, but uses multiprocessing instead of single-program multiple-data (SPMD). It uses 1 GPU per process.

2. The benefit of multiprocessing is to setup hardware affinity for GPUs, such as NUMA binding. It may help improve performance and stability. Please refer to [Best Practices When Benchmarking CUDA Applications](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/on-demand/session/gtcsiliconvalley2019-s9956/) for more details.

3. The quick way to check system topology is to use `nvidia-smi`, for example:
   ```sh
   $ nvidia-smi topo -mp
           CPU Affinity    NUMA Affinity
   GPU0    48-63,176-191   3
   GPU1    48-63,176-191   3
   GPU2    16-31,144-159   1
   GPU3    16-31,144-159   1
   GPU4    112-127,240-255 7
   GPU5    112-127,240-255 7
   GPU6    80-95,208-223   5
   GPU7    80-95,208-223   5
   ```

> 4. `jax.distributed.initialize` must be called before any other JAX, Flax API. And `jax.distributed.shutdown` should be the last one. Otherwise, the `jax.local_devices` will be incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `jax.distributed.initialize` must be called before any other JAX or Flax API, otherwise `jax.local_devices` will be incorrect. `jax.distributed.shutdown` should be the last API call.
```

> 5. The input tensor has to be wrapped by `jax.make_array_from_single_device_arrays`. Otherwise, the sharding will be incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The input tensor must be wrapped by `jax.make_array_from_single_device_arrays`. Otherwise, the sharding will be incorrect.
```

### Run ###

If the system has 8 GPUs, the basic commands are:

> ```sh
> $ python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 0 &
> $ python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 1 &
> $ python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 2 &
> $ python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 3 &
> $ python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 4 &
> $ python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 5 &
> $ python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 6 &
> $ python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 7 &

Reviewer 2: For consistency with other bash calls in this file:
```suggestion
```bash
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 0 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 1 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 2 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 3 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 4 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 5 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 6 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 7 &
```

```
The correct setting for hardware affinity is system dependent. Taking the above system topology as an example, the command can be:

> ```sh
> $ numactl --cpunodebind=48  --membind=3 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 0 &
> $ numactl --cpunodebind=49  --membind=3 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 1 &
> $ numactl --cpunodebind=16  --membind=1 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 2 &
> $ numactl --cpunodebind=17  --membind=1 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 3 &
> $ numactl --cpunodebind=112 --membind=7 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 4 &
> $ numactl --cpunodebind=113 --membind=7 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 5 &
> $ numactl --cpunodebind=80  --membind=5 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 6 &
> $ numactl --cpunodebind=81  --membind=5 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 7 &

Reviewer 2: For consistency:
```suggestion
```sh
numactl --cpunodebind=48  --membind=3 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 0 &
numactl --cpunodebind=49  --membind=3 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 1 &
numactl --cpunodebind=16  --membind=1 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 2 &
numactl --cpunodebind=17  --membind=1 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 3 &
numactl --cpunodebind=112 --membind=7 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 4 &
numactl --cpunodebind=113 --membind=7 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 5 &
numactl --cpunodebind=80  --membind=5 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 6 &
numactl --cpunodebind=81  --membind=5 python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 7 &
```

5. `jax.distributed.initialize` must be called before any other JAX or Flax API, otherwise `jax.local_devices` will be incorrect. `jax.distributed.shutdown` should be the last API call.

6. The input tensor must be wrapped by `jax.make_array_from_single_device_arrays`. Otherwise, the sharding will be incorrect.

### Run ###

If the system has 8 GPUs, the basic commands are:
```bash
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 0 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 1 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 2 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 3 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 4 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 5 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 6 &
python test_multiprocessing_encoder.py --num-process 8 --process-id 7 &
```
The correct setting for hardware affinity is system dependent. Taking the above system topology as an example, the command can be:

> ```sh

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
```
